h2. Drupal Commerce 2 Sandbox Project (Bootstrap Subtheme, nut shop with product variations)

h3. Installation and Base Configuration

h4. Eclipse/File/New/PHP from Composer Package

looking for 'drupal commerce'
selecting drupalcommerce/project-base

h4. configure virtual host

within windows/system32/drivers/etc/hosts enter 
	'127.0.0.1	drupal06.localhost'
	
within dev/xampp/apache/conf/extra/httpd-vhosts enter:
	<VirtualHost *:80>
	    ServerAdmin joerg.moebius@gmx.net
	    DocumentRoot "C:/dev/xampp/htdocs/drupal06/web"
	    ServerName drupal06.localhost
	    ErrorLog "logs/error.log"
	    CustomLog "logs/access.log" common
	</VirtualHost>

h4. create database

create mysql database drupal06

h4. Install and configure Drupal Commerce Site

add
	drupal06@localhost.com
to mail accounts

enter
	http://drupal06.localhost
and follow the installation instructions (using e.a. drupal06@localhost.com)

within web/sites/default/settings.php uncomment trusted host settings and enter 'drupal06.localhost'
	 $settings['trusted_host_patterns'] = array(
	  '^drupal06.localhost$',
	 );	

h4. Create Shop and Products/Product Variations

(as admin)

commerce/configuration/store/currencies -> add 'Euro'

commerce/configuration/store/ -> add Store 'Nut Store'

commerce/configuration/product-variation-types -> add Product Variation Type 'Nuts'

commerce/configuratioon/product-types -> add Product Type 'Nuts'

commerce/product-attributes -> add Product Attributes 'Flavor', 'Weight', 'Packing'
(seems that 
- attribute's entry sequence is sequence of displaying in edit form (sequence in 'managing fields' has no effect) and 
- values's entry sequence is sequence of displaying in select lists (sequence in 'attribute fields/values' has no effect)

commerce/configuration/product-variation-types -> configure fields, forms and display

structure/views -> add view 'nuts', 'almonds', 'peanuts'
(seem that
- view's machine name is only on creation editable.
)
	machine name: products_nuts_list (etc.)
	price column change within field settings
	price column right alignment within table settings

h4. Install, Configure, Apply Bootstrap Subtheme

Copy bootstrap directory of download bootstrap-7.x-3.16.zip to web/themes/contrib
copy bootstrap/starterkits/cdn to web/themes/custom

rename web/themes/custom/cdn to web/themes/custom/m1shop
replace in all filenames SUBTHEME with m1shop
	SUBTHEME.starterkit.yml
	SUBTHEME.libraries.yml
	SUBTHEME.theme
	config/install/SUBTHEME.settings
	
replace in filenames starterkit with info
	m1shop.starterkit.yml
replace in all files SUBTHEME with m1shop
	m1shop.info.yml
	config/schema/m1shop.schema.yml

h4. Setup Git

Outside Eclipse:

at console (within drupal06 directory): 
	git init -> makes this directory a git repository
	git add *.* -> adds all directories and files to the new directory
	git commit -> gets all addes objects to the main branch 'master', which is created at the same time
at https:/github/jomo3300: create an empty repository named drupal06
at console (within drupal06 directory):
	git remote origin add https://github.com/jomo3300/drupal06.git
	git push




h2. To Dos

